


scene = set of visual locations with: screen-x, screen-y, width, and height
prev-scene = set of visual locations with: screen-x, screen-y, width, and height
r = a grouping radius

point-collision(point1, point2, r):
    1. if euclidian distance(point1,point2) < r, point1 and point2 have collided, return true

box-collision(point1, point2, r):
    1. target = the nearest coordinates to point1 on the perimeter of point2's bounding box
    2. check point-collision(corner, target) for each corner of point1's bounding box
    3. check whether target is within r of the top, bottom, left, or right of point1's bounding box
    4. check whether target is overlapping with point1's bounding box (just in case!)
    5. if any of the above is true, point1 and point2 have collided, return true

grouping(scene):
    1. find an unexamined point, a, in the scene
    2. find another unexamined point, b, in the scene
    3. if [point-collide or box-collide](a,b,r): add b to the group
    4. grow the group by repeating steps 2 and 3 for each new point added until there are no more nearby points
    5. assign all members of the group a new group-id
    6. repeat steps 1-5 until all points in the scene have been examined, and all points now have an associated group-id

overlap(group1, group2):
    1. if any point in group1 collides with any point in group2, these groups overlap, return true

inheritance(scene, prev-scene):
    1. count the number of unique group-wise overlaps between all groups in scene and prev-scene 
    2. a current group inherits a previous group's group-id only if both the current group and a previous group exclusively overlap with one another 
    3. assign a new group-id if:
        2a. the current group is new, i.e. it does not overlap with any previous groups
        2b. the current group is the result of a merge, i.e. it overlaps with more than 1 previous group
        2c. the current group is the result of a split, i.e. it overlaps with a previous group that also overlaps with at least one other current group
    6. if a previous group overlaps with no current groups, that group is dead and its group-id will not propagate forward in time. 

    
    
